Num params fix (#2101)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

> * The num_params property of Operations is again a static property of the class.
>   This allows to programatically know the number of parameters before an Operation
>   is instanciated, which is only possible if the number of parameters is known.

Reviewer: Remember adding the PR number and link.

I'd suggest being more specific:

```suggestion
* For subclasses of `Operator` where it is known before instantiation, the `num_params` is reverted back to being a 
   static property. This allows to programmatically know the number of parameters before an operator is 
   instantiated, and does not change the user interface.
```

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

> * For subclasses of `Operator` where it is known before instantiation, the `num_params` is reverted back to being a 
>    static property. This allows to programmatically know the number of parameters before an operator is 
>    instantiated without changing the user interface.
>    [(#2099)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/issues/2099)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For subclasses of `Operator` where it is known before instantiation, the `num_params` is reverted back to being a 
  static property. This allows to programmatically know the number of parameters before an operator is 
  instantiated without changing the user interface.
  [(#2099)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/issues/2099)
```
